doc: Merges CLOUDP-274025 docs & examples branch - DONT MERGE YET (#3079)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/advanced_cluster.md

`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` describes an Advanced Cluster. The data source requires your Project ID.

> This doc is for the current version of `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, doc for **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2** can be found [here](./advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529).

Reviewer: I've seen this in other places as part of reviewing these PRs, and ok to wait for the docs team. But is the usage of "doc" instead of "documentation" a good practice?

Reviewer 2: we usually use "page" or "section" when referring to the docs themselves. I think "This page describes the current version..." is appropriate here.

Author: thanks, changed here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3079/commits/398f231cb92f65b7694c0a12cfa75e97bc0a9408

Author: thanks JW, updated here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3079/commits/398f231cb92f65b7694c0a12cfa75e97bc0a9408

> This doc is for the current version of `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, doc for **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2** can be found [here](./advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529).

Reviewer 2: note that the link 404s. please double-check the path to confirm it will work when merged
```suggestion
This page describes the current version of the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` data source. For information about the upcoming version, **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2**, see [Data Source: mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters (Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2)](./advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529).
```

Author: @jwilliams-mongo thanks, those 404 in Github are expected, that's why I shared links to my provider in Slack, you can try the links there as the documentation is shown in the Terraform website and name escaping works a bit different in Terraform website and Github

Reviewer 2: thanks for providing the links. I missed the significance of those. confirmed the links work there, so I think we're good on that front

* `id` - The cluster ID.
* `bi_connector_config` - Configuration settings applied to BI Connector for Atlas on this cluster. See [below](#bi_connector_config). **NOTE** Prior version of provider had parameter as `bi_connector`
* `cluster_type` - Type of the cluster that you want to create.

> * `disk_size_gb` - Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host's root volume. **(DEPRECATED)** Use `replication_specs.#.region_configs.#.(analytics_specs|electable_specs|read_only_specs).disk_size_gb` instead. To learn more, see the [Migration Guide](../guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown).

Reviewer: nice fix!

* `compute_max_instance_size` - Maximum instance size to which your cluster can automatically scale (such as M40). 
#### Advanced Configuration

> * `default_read_concern` - [Default level of acknowledgment requested from MongoDB for read operations](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/read-concern/) set for this cluster. MongoDB 4.4 clusters default to [available](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/read-concern-available/). **(DEPRECATED)** MongoDB 5.0 and later clusters default to `local`. To use a custom read concern level, please refer to your driver documentation.

Reviewer 2: should we remove the 4.4 value (EOL) + update 5.0 to 6.0 here?

Author: follow ticket: CLOUDP-302166

Author: updated in https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3220

> * `default_write_concern` -  [Default level of acknowledgment requested from MongoDB for write operations](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/write-concern/) set for this cluster. MongoDB 4.4 clusters default to [1](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/write-concern/).

Reviewer 2: what's the default for 6.0?

Author: follow ticket: CLOUDP-302166

Author: changed here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3220

> * `fail_index_key_too_long` - When true, documents can only be updated or inserted if, for all indexed fields on the target collection, the corresponding index entries do not exceed 1024 bytes. When false, mongod writes documents that exceed the limit but does not index them. **(DEPRECATED)** This parameter has been removed as of [MongoDB 4.4](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/parameters/#mongodb-parameter-param.failIndexKeyTooLong).

Reviewer 2: can this be removed? 4.4 is EOL

Author: follow ticket: CLOUDP-302166

Author: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3220
